Updates CHANGELOG.md, version.hpp and _version.py for version 0.8.0 (#65)
XanaduAI/thewalrus: .github/CHANGELOG.md

# Version 0.8.0

### New features

> * Adds classical sampling of permanents of positive definite matrices in `csamples`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds classical sampling of permanents of positive definite matrices in `csamples`. [#61](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/61)
```

### Improvements

> * The Walrus gallery with examples of nongaussian state preparations that can be studied using the functions from the `quantum` module. [#55](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/55)

Reviewer: I would count this as a new feature!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Walrus gallery with examples of non-Gaussian state preparations that can be studied using the functions from the `quantum` module. [#55](https://github.com/XanaduAI/thewalrus/pull/55)
```
